adding a deploy button which links to the dashboard (#1888)
denoland/docs: examples/tutorials/next.md

![demo of the app](./images/how-to/next/dinoapp.gif)

## Deploy your app

> Now that you have a Next.js app, you can deploy it to the edge with Deno
> Deploy<sup>EA</sup>. Create a [new GitHub repository](https://github.com/new),
> then initialize and push your app to GitHub:

Reviewer: I suggest we don't say "deploy to the edge" since that is not always going to be the case. "deploy to the web" seems more tangible anyway,

I also think we should embellish this info just a little to indicate why the code needs to be published to GitHub first... perhaps:

```suggestion
Now that you have a Next.js app, you can deploy it to the web with Deno
Deploy<sup>EA</sup>. Create a [new GitHub repository](https://github.com/new),
then initialize and push your app to GitHub to be ready to use in a new application in Deno Deploy:
```
